Row count per file:
afritada_cleaned.csv: 123 rows
arroz_caldo_cleaned.csv: 153 rows
bagnet_cleaned.csv: 62 rows
balut_cleaned.csv: 82 rows
bibingka_cleaned.csv: 85 rows
bicol_express_cleaned.csv: 80 rows
bistek_tagalog_cleaned.csv: 114 rows
bulalo_cleaned.csv: 91 rows
champorado_cleaned.csv: 87 rows
chicharon_cleaned.csv: 97 rows
chicken_adobo_cleaned.csv: 123 rows
filipino_spaghetti_cleaned.csv: 114 rows
ginataang_gulay_cleaned.csv: 97 rows
halo_halo_cleaned.csv: 100 rows
kinilaw_cleaned.csv: 71 rows
laing_cleaned.csv: 93 rows
leche_flan_cleaned.csv: 131 rows
lechon_cleaned.csv: 62 rows
liempo_cleaned.csv: 77 rows
//longganisa_cleaned.csv: 44 rows
lumpia_cleaned.csv: 109 rows
pancit_guisado_cleaned.csv: 127 rows
pancit_palabok_cleaned.csv: 59 rows
pandesal_cleaned.csv: 94 rows
pork_adobo_cleaned.csv: 88 rows
pork_barbecue_cleaned.csv: 101 rows
pork_sisig_cleaned.csv: 79 rows
sinigang_cleaned.csv: 103 rows
taho_cleaned.csv: 70 rows
//tapa_cleaned.csv: 35 rows
tinola_cleaned.csv: 128 rows
//tocino_cleaned.csv: 37 rows
turon_cleaned.csv: 107 rows

Overall total rows across all files: 3023
Minimum number of rows in a file: 35
Maximum number of rows in a file: 153